[#62067] Update GitHub and GitLab documentation for coders  https://c… (#18448)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/gitlab-integration/README.md

![GitLab merge request status change](openproject-system-guide-gitlab-integration-mr-status.png)

### Using the Command Line Interface

If you prefer to work with Git via the Command Line Interface (CLI), you can follow a similar process to create and manage merge requests, by following same steps as you would if using a Git Desktop Client. 

You can copy the branch name from the OpenProject work package as described in the Git snippets section above. Then, create and switch to a new branch in your local repository. Modify the necessary files in your repository. Once you are satisfied with the changes, stage and commit them, using the suggested commit message from OpenProject.

![Git snippet to create a new branch in GitLab entered into command line interface](openproject-system-guide-gitlab-integration-branch-git-snippet-cli.png)

> When using CLI you can also use the **Create branch with emtpy commit** Git snippet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a CLI you can also use the **Create branch with empty commit** Git snippet. 
```

![Git snippet to create a branch with empty commit under GitLab tab in a work package in OpenProject](openproject-system-guide-gitlab-integration-git_snippet_empty_commit.png)

> The advantage of using this snippet is that there is no need to first create a branch and then copy a separate Git snippet for the commit. A new branch will be created from your current branch, which will then be pushed to GitLab, along with an empty commit with a link to a work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using this snippet is that there is no need to first create a branch and then copy a separate Git snippet for the commit. A new branch will be created from your current branch along with an empty commit, which when pushed to GitLab will link back to the work package.
```
